Last time we discussed the squishy fruitiness of our remote controls and how we might pursue that. and we also talked about materials we'd use and what kind of chip would be necessary. so for later in the meeting I've done a a spreadsheet of production costs. you guys wanna give a prototype presentation of
So our design looks something like this. This being the wheel that you use to change channels or volume or whatever. And the base of the remote control, which has a squishy spongy rubbery feel, is interchangeable. So you can change the colour, according to your to suit your living room or whatever.
You could change the vegetable, or fruit.
It's trendy fruit, it's not just ordinary fruits. And then people will be encouraged to buy three or five of them, because they'll need to switch 'em out.
It's been a little bit difficult to make sure that it's hand-holdable,
Well the locator is just chip that's inside there. And the beeper's also inside there too somewhere
So you have to have a button on your on your you have to attach the button to the. Yeah we have that that has yes yet to be designed. Yeah that hey that that could you know match the handset.
If you wanna look in your project documents folder, there's an Excel spreadsheet. the only one that's in there, production costs. But if I missed anything that we've gone over, or if you see something that has changed. I said uncurved or flat.
My impression was that flat meant like like one of those square remotes. But it's really not very clear,
There's plastic for that area around the button. and lots of special colours actually. Okay so that would make our total of eleven point nine,. which is even less than twelve point five, which means we'd be making even more of a profit.
Right what happens is we have to decide whether this this whole this whole project we've been working on actually meets the standards we were set at the start. And we we have therefore in total We have five we have eleven points according to which this should be evaluated. And the cri well basically the findings are the same as the evaluation criteria. True is one and and false is seven. I think if each of us gives an opinion then they can be mixed somehow.
We can do it separately and then discuss it
It's if it's fancy you put one,. if it's really unfancy it's seven. Apparently I'm supposed to use the whiteboard. is it necessary?
I don't think so.
We'll just go in a circle. Okay so do we just add it up and divide it by four?
So it's a one was true and seven was false?
Oh I thought it was the other way round.
I thought it was the other way round too.
I'm I'm sorry this was so tedious for everyone.
I think we should look at the ones that like where where people said four, where it looks like we might wanna discuss changing an aspect of the remote.
Well the worst ones were three point one. Material technologically innovative,
What if we just smash all the vegetables down flat?
'cause some of these are not as easy to hold.
I I personally don't think this is comfortable to to sit there, like it's an awkward position.
Although the broccoli is quite comfortable, I have to say,
We we chose the shape or the sh shape could be whatever we wanted and then it would just be like a design on the rubber.
And just have the colour match or something.
We could make it that shape but just have different colours, and call 'em the different fruits.
And you could like if it's like this, you could put fruit designs and stuff on that part.
Batteries easy to insert for some reason,. I think that's not a problem any more.
You could make the touch pad in th in different shapes,
It might also sort of annoy people if we get used to having the buttons in one shape. I bet having different colours is a lot cheaper than having different shapes too.
I guess we're supposed to discuss the prod the process of the project and how satisfied. Did you feel there was a lot of room for creativity in the sort of
The prototype making was very creatively stimulating. and I think we've come up with a product that's fun and meets all the criteria.
It was a very democratic process and everyone got to contribute.
Yeah, I thought we all worked very well together. and the means for like the materials we used, how convenient were they?
Well I'm not a big fan of any Microsoft, PowerPoint or any of this stuff.
But but I di I thought that my the information that was available to me was kind of just like. it was kinda like okay, I don't really think I dunno what I'm doing here. and I didn't really like the PowerPoint presentations,
My first bit of information was like this child's drawn picture of how a remote works.
'Cause my problem was, you guys had access to like they'd put send you to sites and stuff
Yeah well mine was mostly made up
But it must have been quite difficult for them to build a whole
I felt like I was off-task all the time.
What do you guys think of the pens?
They're kinda hard to write with though.
All this technology like I guess some people must be interested in using it
And like the last thing I would have wanted would be to have to watch a video 'cause I missed a meeting. there's really not that much information that actually goes through a real meeting, like when you're actually at a real meeting in a real company. Like if I missed a meeting I could probably get it summed up in like one sentence. I wouldn't need to have to watch like a two hour video with the sound and the transcript and
'Cause I mean we've all we all kind of agreed our product is satisfactory, it fits the budget, and it's trendy.
Okay we have to fill in all this stuff.
So I guess we're supposed to write final reports.
All of us?
I don't know.. Or is that just me?